ladies. So, the thing is men see you
once and they instantly categorize you
in either high value, low effort, or
easy access. And the problem is,
unfortunately, most women fall into the
loweffort category without even
realizing. Not because they're not
worthy, but because they were never
taught the rules. And that's exactly why
I created the queen treatment to give
women the structure and clarity men
already operate with. Now it doesn't
matter if you are in a relationship, if
it is pre-dating, you do not want to be
in a relationship or you're married. In
all these stages, you can get spoiled
from men. And whenever you are in a
relationship, you must be spoiled. Okay?
And that's why I covered every single
stage in my ebook.